Hi, and welcome to the AWS Certified Solutions Architect,
Associate Certification Track.
This certification track is not only
going to help you prepare to pass
the new updated certification exam,
but it's also going to help you prepare
to be a solutions architect in the real world.
And you do not need any previous AWS knowledge,
but some is definitely going to help.
This AWS Certified Solutions Architect
Associate Certification Track,
and the supporting courses,
were created in case you want to take that deeper dive
in preparing for your certification.
And each course in this track,
is going to build on the next course.
But these supporting courses
are also designed to take independently.
We're going to start this course with AWS fundamentals.
So we're going to be covering
how we can design Resilient Architectures.
Fundamentals is always a great refresher
for our senior engineers,
but it's also a great introduction to AWS,
for our newer students.
And as we make our way through the certification track
and the supporting courses,
we are going to be increasing our skills and our knowledge
because not only is this track and the supporting courses
based on AWS theory and practical demonstrations,
but they also include the real hands-on labs
that's going to give you
that real world hands-on experience.
And throughout this track and supporting courses,
we're going to be building on a scenario.
So let's quickly cover that scenario.
And that scenario is that our organization, Scuba Syndrome,
has decided to start moving to the cloud
for all the benefits of cloud computing offers.
And Scuba Syndrome really likes
that AWS features a pay-as-you-go model,
as they are tired of the wasted expense
of our over-provisioned resources
and we're interested in a more resilient
and scalable architectural design.
So Scuba Syndrome is a full-service scuba dive shop
that teaches in-class and online dive certification courses,
like open water, advanced, rescue diver, dive master,
and also specialty courses too, like rec diving,
photography, Nitrox, et cetera.
They also teach elementary children to snorkel
and they take regular charters off the coast
and regular trips to Florida and also the Caribbean.
Scuba Syndrome also runs a WordPress blog
with articles, covering classes, certifications, equipment,
and also lots of pictures and highlights of their trips.
As a solutions architect, we've been tasked to build out
a new AWS environment for Scuba Syndrome.
And we have a couple of detailed requirements
that we're going to work through
and build throughout this course.
The first requirement is to create 2 AWS accounts
to add into an AWS organization.
And we're going to be using the principle of least privilege
for all needed permissions.
Then we're going to need to add
an additional AWS security account.
So for our scenario, we're going to end up
with 3 different AWS accounts,
a development account, a production account,
and also security account.
Our third requirement is to build a multi-tiered VPC
with a scalable, resilient design,
and that's going to include our EC2 instances,
database instances, et cetera.
Our fourth requirement is to create a VPC peering connection
between 2 of our AWS accounts.
Our fifth requirement is to create a WordPress blog
for articles, our certification classes,
and also to add highlights of our trips,
and new equipment, et cetera.
Our sixth requirement is to review
possible connectivity options
between our new AWS organization
and our Scuba Syndromes on-premise data center.
Our seventh requirement is also a review requirement.
So we're going to review different storage options
for our new AWS environment,
along with data migration options
that we could use to potentially move
from our Scuba Syndromes on-premise data center
into our new AWS environment.
The eighth requirement is going to be
to add detailed logging and monitoring for our environment,
so that costs and usage can be tracked.
And our ninth requirement is going to be to add security.
And this is going to be based on
the principle of least privilege
for AWS accounts and also the organization.
And our last requirement is to use cost-effective options
to make sure that AWS environment
being designed and built is done with cost optimization.
So we're going to get started off with some AWS fundamentals
to get a better understanding of AWS' account structure,
along with the AWS best practices for design.
So let's go ahead and get started.
And in our next video,
we're going to look at the updated exam blueprint
so that we can start getting prepared
for the new AWS Certified Solutions Architect exam,
specifically the SAACO2.
I'll see you in the next video.